IF HIV, AND THEY ARE NEGATIVE.
A WORD OF WARNING, WE
DISCOVERED THAT SOME ROOFERS ARE
TRYING TO TAKE ADVANTAGE OF HOME
OPENERS.
CBS2 HIDDEN CAMERA
INVESTIGATION HERE IS DAVID
GOLDSTEIN WITH WHAT HE UNCOVERED
AND WHAT YOU SHOULD LOOK OUT
FOR.
Reporter: WHY ARE YOU HIDING
YOUR FACE?
THIS ROOFER DID NOT WANT HIS
FACE SHOWN ON TV, AFTER HE AND
OTHERS ARE CAUGHT IN OUR HIDDEN
CAMERA STING, TELLING US WE
NEEDED PREPARES WITH -- REPAIRS
WITH PRICES THAT WENT THROUGH
THE ROOF,.
I AM WORRIED WITH THE RAIN,
STORM.
Reporter: SHE IS DOING WHAT
MAN OTHERS ARE DOING, HAVING
THEIR ROOFS CHECKED BEFORE THE
PREDICTED EL NINO STORMS.
WE'VE BEEN IN A DROUGHT FOR
SO LONG, NOW YOU GET AN
OPPORTUNITY OF HEAVY RAIN, THEY
TAKE ADVANTAGE OF THAT.
Reporter: WE CALLED IN TWO
EXPERT TO INSPECT THE ROOF IT IS
5 YEARS OLD.
THEY ARE READY BRING IT ON.
Reporter: WE WENT THROUGH
CRAIGSLIST AND FOUND ROOFERS
ADVERTISING THE IMPENDING STORM
AND ITS CONSEQUENCES, THIS MAN
WITH SoCal ROOFING SPENT
LESS THAN ONE MINUTE INSPECTING
IT.
THE SHINGLES ARE IF FAIR
CONDITION.
Reporter: HE HAD A SALES
PITCH.
YOU COULD DO, WE'LL HAVE A
VERY HEAVY WINTER, WE HAVE A
SPECIAL COATING WE STRAY ON --
SPRAY ON THERE.
Reporter: PRICE TAG IS 1200
BUCKS.
DO I REALLY NEED THAT.
DO YOU WANT TO BE SAFE FOR
THE WINTER.
Reporter: TELLING OUR
PRODUCER HE WAS GIVING HER A
DEAL.
WE CHARGE 1800 FOR A JOB LIKE
THIS.
WHY ARE YOU CUTTING ME A
BREAK.
WE ARE WORKING DOWN THE
STREET, I AM A CHRISTIAN MAN, I
HAVE IT IN MY HEART TO GIVE YOU
A DISCOUNT.
Reporter: DAVID GOLDSTEIN.
I TOLD HER IT IS NOT IN BAD
CONDITION.
Reporter: WHY 1200 FOR A
CLEAR COAT, THE EXPORT SAID THAT
CLEAR COAT COULD VOID THE
WARRANTY.
YOU SAID YOU ARE A GOOD
CHRISTIAN MAN.
I AM.
WHAT IS THE MATTER WITH THE
ROOF CAP?
IN THE MIDDLE THEY -- YOU
COULD HAVE A LEAK.
Reporter: PETER CHECKED OUT
ROOF SAID WE COULD WAIT 2 MONTHS
TO FIX THE PROBLEM BUT WITH EACH
RAINFALL THE RISK OF MOLD WOULD
GROW.
THE SHEET METTLE IS ROB EL --
WOBBLING THERE, WITH THE WIND,
AND EL NINO, IT HAS IT BE NAIL
DOWN THEN SEALED.
Reporter: THE TWO JOBS ADDED
UP TO 1700 BUT PETER OFFERED TO
KNOCK A HUNDRED OFF IF WE DID
THEM TOGETHER.
I AM DAVID GOLDSTEIN WITH "CBS2
NEWS," WE HAVE AN EXPERT CHECK
THIS ROOF, SAYING IT WAS
BEAUTIFUL, IT IS FINE, YOU WANT
1700 TO NAIL DOWN, YOU SAID
THERE WILL BE BACK MODEL, COME
ON.
THAT IS WHAT YOU ARE ASKING
FOR, YOU ARE SAYING IT HAS TO BE
DONE SOON?
BLACK MOLD.
SHEET METAL.
HAVE A NICE DAY.
Reporter: NOT ALL BAD,
SEVERAL WORKERS WHO SHOWED
UPSIDE THAT THE ROOF NEEDED NO
REPAIRS.
PRETTY GOOD SHAPE.
ANOTHER 25 YEARS.
REALLY?
Reporter: INCLUDING N NICHOLAS
WHO WAS UP FRONT BUT HE HAD A
CATCH.
A FEW -- TO TAX THOSE DOWN.
SO THEY BEGIN GET LOOSE.
IF GO WE NAIL THEM DOWN.
Reporter: OUR EXPERT SAID
THAT IS A BIG NO-NO.
YOU DON'T WANT TO NAIL
THROUGH A SHINGLE, THE NAIL WILL
THEN CREATE A HOLE.
Reporter: NICK WANTED 3 THEFT
350 FORHIS WORK, WE WENT TO TALO
HIM, HE WENT THROUGH THE ROOF,
DON'T TOUCH THE CAMERA.
THE SHINGLES ARE NOT LOOSE.
YOU RECORD ME.
Reporter: DON'T TOUCH THE
CAMERA.
IN END ABOUT HALF OF ROOFERS,
WANTED TO DO WORK THAT OUR
EXPERT SAID DID NOT HAVE TO BE
DONE.
IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR WORK, YOU
HAVE A 50/50 SHOT OF GETTING IT
DONE RIGHT.